In this module we again achieve a lot.
We add a data table and besides that we added services and models to the entire app so that our app
does now not just look good but also work with real dynamic data.
And at the end of this module you'll learn about the math data table a very powerful component that
can be used to output data in a structured form in a table where you can easily add features like sorting
and filtering and Page nation without having to write much code.
That's really powerful and useful in the next machos.
We will continue enhancing the sap.
And for example connect to a real server and we'll see the power of a girl of fire while it's doing
so.
Let's move on.